# Web App MBTA Assignment
## Project Overview 
[~1 paragraph] Write a short abstract describing your project. Include all the extensions to the basic requirements.

The objective for this project was to build a simple website that allows users to find information about the nearest MBTA station by inputting their current location into the website. This assigment required a Web API connection to access information such as location coordinates and nearest MBTA stations as well as a specially formatted URL in order to communicate the information. This is all handled in functions found in [mbta_helper.py](mbta_helper.py) where we used developer.mapquest.com as well as api-v3.mbta.com. The functions within this document process the information from each API website and give us our desired result.  The website design is all handled with HTML, where there is a [home page](templates/index.html) that allows users to redirect to a [submission form page](templates/mbta_form.html) which then prompts them to input their location. Once the user hits submit, they are then redirected to a [results](templates/result.html) page that informs them of the nearest stop as well as if it is wheelchair accessible or not. We made sure to spend time on formatting each of these pages so that the website was aesthetically pleasing. The website is handled through a flask backend found [here](app.py) which uses the HTML formats as well as mbta_helper.py to take user input, process it, and return the the closest MBTA station to the location that was inputted. 

## Project Reflection
### Process
From a process point of view, the majority of our project went well. We were able to work through each portion of the website successfully, and when we ran into problems we worked through them together to achieve the required result. The one problem that we ran into and were unable to solve was handling the error of a searched location that couldn't be found by the website. We know that the problem was in one of our functions in mbta_helper, but couldn't figure out how it would be done. Going forward we hope to learn about this aspect of website building so we can handle it in the future. As far as self-studying, we both had to spend time reading through the documentation of both Flask and HTML in order to understand exacly how each module functioned. The hardest aspect of the project was getting the Flask backend to communicate properly with the HTML submission form in order to output the correct information. This project was a great building block for the basics of website building, and we will definitely use what we learned in creating the end of the year porject. 

### Teamwork
As a team, we planned to meet about the assignment, break it up how we saw fit, and then work on it on our own time. However, since there are multiple parts in this project that work off one another, we ended up having to call multiple times and work through how it was all going to come together. This went well and we were able to figure out the majority of the problems together. Our team process worked well and we are happy about the end product that we created. In terms of issues, the biggest obstacle we faced was finding time to call eachother. We are currently on opposite sides of the planet, so finding a time that worked for both of us wasn't very easy. Next time it may be easier for us to work together on the harder aspects of the project instead of each trying to do it alone and then ending up having to call each other anyway. 
